Correct Sentence (#2)
pydelhi/resources: text_templates/call_for_venues_template.txt

We at PyDelhi, are a volunteer-driven organization comprising of Pythonistas, enthusiasts, entrepreneurs, researchers, students
and many more with a primary interest in the programming language, Python. We are a healthy community of 11k members conducting
bi-weekly meet-ups, Dev-Sprint, seminars, workshops on different topics related but not limited to Python and its applications
consistently since the past 3+ years. We have collaborated with over 20+ communities to share knowledge and experiences, as well
as have planned meetups with about 100+ venue partners in over the past year. 

> Python enthusiasts of all ages, preferences and skill levels are welcome to join our PyDelhi Group to meet more awesome folks like yourself. If you like to know more about us, check out [1][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python enthusiasts of all ages, preferences, and skill levels are welcome to join our community and network with like-minded people to learn, collaborate and grow. If you like to know more about us, check out [1][3].
```

Reviewer: Call for venues are formal, and I think this could be a good change. What do you think @realslimshanky @rajataaron @quanon
